README.md, before:

## Introduction

This **Go** application checks **all** Kubernetes Deployments in all namespaces for scaling
annotations and scales the deployment according to the annotations.

There are **two** branches in this repo:

- _master_ branch uses your own kubeconfig to access the cluster. This can be
  run in Docker on your local machine.
- _master-incluster_ branch is meant to be deployed in your Kubernetes cluster
  to be run as a **Job/CronJob**. This makes use of _service account tokens_ to
  give your pod access to the cluster.

## Usage

In the Kubernetes Deployment manifest of the Deployment that you want to enable
scaling, add the annotations _scaleUp_ and
_scaleDown_.

```yaml
apiVersion: extensions/v1beta1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: app
  annotations: #used to attach data
    scaleDown: '0'
    scaleUp: '1'
spec:
  replicas: 1
  revisionHistoryLimit: 10
  strategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxUnavailable: 0
      maxSurge: 2
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: app
    spec:
    ...
```

To run this application in a Docker container:

```bash
docker build -t halosan/k8-pod-scheduler:latest .
docker run -v $HOME/.kube:/root/.kube -e "SCALE=scaleUp" halosan/k8-pod-scheduler:latest 
```

The environment variable `SCALE` can either be `scaleUp` or `scaleDown`.

## Development

### Development through Docker

```bash
docker build -t halosan/k8-pod-scheduler:dev -f Dockerfile-dev .
docker run --rm -it -v $(pwd):/go/src/app \
  -v $HOME/.kube:/home/1000/.kube \
  halosan/k8-pod-scheduler:dev bash
```

### Install dependencies

From the root directory of this project:

```bash
glide install
```

This will create a `vendor` directory which has the correct version of Kubernetes `client-go`.

Commit message:

Added example manifests for running the application in cluster

README.md, after:

## Introduction

This **Go** application checks **all** Kubernetes Deployments in all namespaces for scaling
annotations and scales the deployment according to the annotations.

There are **two** branches in this repo:

- _master_ branch uses your own kubeconfig to access the cluster. This can be
  run in Docker on your local machine.
- _master-incluster_ branch is meant to be deployed in your Kubernetes cluster
  to be run as a **Job/CronJob**. This makes use of _service account tokens_ to
  give your pod access to the cluster.

## Usage

In the Kubernetes Deployment manifest of the Deployment that you want to enable
scaling, add the annotations _scaleUp_ and
_scaleDown_.

```yaml
apiVersion: extensions/v1beta1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: app
  annotations: #used to attach data
    scaleDown: '0'
    scaleUp: '1'
spec:
  replicas: 1
  revisionHistoryLimit: 10
  strategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxUnavailable: 0
      maxSurge: 2
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: app
    spec:
    ...
```

To run this application in a Docker container:

```bash
docker build -t halosan/k8-pod-scheduler:latest .
docker run -v $HOME/.kube:/root/.kube -e "SCALE=scaleUp" halosan/k8-pod-scheduler:latest 
```

The environment variable `SCALE` can either be `scaleUp` or `scaleDown`.

### Jobs/CronJobs (In cluster)

If you intend to run this in the Kubernetes cluster, you can use the two example
manifests in the `kubernetes` directory as a guideline.

## Development

### Development through Docker

```bash
docker build -t halosan/k8-pod-scheduler:dev -f Dockerfile-dev .
docker run --rm -it -v $(pwd):/go/src/app \
  -v $HOME/.kube:/home/1000/.kube \
  halosan/k8-pod-scheduler:dev bash
```

### Install dependencies

From the root directory of this project:

```bash
glide install
```

This will create a `vendor` directory which has the correct version of Kubernetes `client-go`.
